So now let's take advantage of recursion,
which is behind the scenes using a stack
and we'll use that to implement the pre-order traversal of the tree.
So go ahead and implement this function.
Remember in general, when you have recursion,
you will have some function that's initializing some things and then it
starts the recursive process by calling another function that is the recursive call.
So what I mean is in general,
what you would see with recursion is you have
an initializing function and then it calls something like int,
int traverse and then within traverse,
it's calling traverse somehow differently.
So go ahead and try this out and then you can check this solution next.